{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Let me start off by saying the this tv does not produce the best image out of the box. It is about right for the price range though.\
\
I upgraded from a 32 inch LCD Sharp from 2008. My old tv IS a great tv, even though it is 8 years old it still blows a lot of today's tv's out of the water as far as image quality goes. Yeah, it didn't have the same contrast ratios offered by today's tv's but even then it still managed to look amazing. It is a very high standard to beat. The only issue was the size, it just wasn't big enough for our needs. I was originally looking for another sharp but with their withdrawal from the American market, all the sharps still available were out of my price range.\
\
Let's start of with appearance. The tv looks nice, it's got a very thin bezel, about 3/8 of an inch vs over an inch for the old sharp. It isn't as thin as other led/lcd tv's I've seen but that's a non issue. It's about as thin as the old 32 inch which was ccfl backlit vs LED. It has a relatively small footprint as the it stands on two angled feet vs a rectangular base. It allows for things to be placed under it vs around it. Overall very nice.\
\
Performance, this is a bit of a difficult one, out of the box the tv looks ok. It is very bright but Colors are a bit off and washed out, especially yellows, they have a VERY green tint to them. This is especially noticeable when tv is set to game mode as it turns off any filters or extra processes and gives you a raw image and it looks pretty awful. Yellows turn into a pale sickly green. Unfortunately the color management system is forced off when in game mode so it is unfixable. For my gaming calibrations I had to use the "expert"mode which allows you to pretty much change everything, after a lot of calibration and tinkering with specific colors I got it to look good, this was with a special calibration disk I use for tv's. One great thing about the calibration settings is that each setting is exclusive per input. For example, if I calibrate the "movie" mode for input 1 it won't change the "movie" calibration for any other input unless you select the "apply to all inputs" option. This is very useful as it allows you to calibrate the image for the specific device connected. After complete calibration however, the tv managed to look better than my old tv which is saying something. The viewing angle for the tv is decent. It has a cone of about 60-70\'b0 from the center of the tv before the contrast and colors begin to have a noticeable impact. This is a downgrade from my old 32" as that tv had about a 90\'b0 cone before any noticeable changes in color and contrast happened.I'm assuming this is because it's just a bigger screen. The tv is still viewable from any angle but starts to lose image quality almost as soon as you are not directly in front of it. Simply put, At about a 5 foot distance away from the tv you can be about 2 feet in either direction from the center of the tv before you start to see change in image quality.The range gets smaller as you get closer and bigger as you get further. Overall, once calibrated the image is top notch and looks quite beautiful.\
\
4K, as I do not have any 4K devices all I could do is use the built in YouTube app to see 4K and it looks nice, crisp and as clear as a YouTube video could get in 4k. I definitely will not be using it's 4k capabilities any time soon. I wasn't looking for a 4k tv regardless and it's nice to know I have the option.\
\
Sound, the built in speakers are decent from what I can tell but I have all my devices hooked up to a surround sound system bypassing the tv's speakers. Because of this the tv's speakers aren't synchronised with the surround sound so I just have the sound off on the tv(it was the same with the other tv, so it's not the tv's fault)\
\
Everything else like the Wi-Fi and extra features work as advertised, no issues as of yet. I will update if anything changes.\
\
I would've given it 5 stars but having to go through a lot of calibration was it's weakness and I can't imagine a lot people that would want to go through all that to get the best picture.}