{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is a really great start for someone motivated to learn about electronics. The kit is quite complete, starting with flashing an LED light, and touching topics like controlling lights and motors. There are well documented opportunities to learn about components, electronic theory, and C programming. You CAN buy the individual parts and save a few bucks, but unless you work next to radio shack, this is the way to go.\
\
A major plus is the guide that comes with the kit. There are 12 projects, each with diagrams of the parts, how to connect them, and example programs to make them work. There are even instructions on what to do if it doesn't work right, and references if you want to learn more about particular topics. I should think that a well motivated 8 year old could use this kit with supervision. No soldering is involved except for one motor, and one could use alligator clips from radio shack to avoid that. An adult could handle this kit without previous knowledge of electronics or programming.\
\
There are a few things that would enhance this kit. The main thing would be to buy a plastic organizer box. As you go through the projects, parts and wires tend to get loose and it can be frustrating to find parts after a while. Also, you might consider buying a 9 volt battery or a power adapter. You don't really need it, but it demonstrates that the projects work without being connected to a computer, a key concept because this kit is essentially a computer in itself. Quick note: the servo project does not work well on a 9 volt battery, too much power drain. Works fine when it's on the USB cable.\
\
The rest of this review is pretty trivial, read at your own risk.\
\
The kit comes in a nice closeable box. If you open it carefully, it will keep the parts safe and sound. But, a plastic organizer would be even better. The kit comes with a ton of wire jumpers and as you go through the projects, the pile of wires and parts gets a bit annoying.\
\
You will need to download the software. It is PC, Mac and Linux compatible. I use a PC. The manual gives you the site to go to. You will need to register to get the download, but you don't need to enter credit cards or personal information.\
\
The main parts are the Arduino board and a breadboard to hook up the components. The kit includes a plastic tray to keep things neat. The Arduino board simply snaps in, and the breadboard has an adhesive backing. Unfortunately, I found the clips that hold the Arduino board are a bit fragile. I broke a clip and ended up using foam sticky tape to hold it in. Not a big deal.\
\
As to the projects, I made standard mistakes. I put parts in backwards, stuff like that. The board seems tolerant of this. I did not destroy any parts, I just went back through the steps and found my mistakes. The manual is really good on this part, the diagrams are excellent. As you insert parts in the breadboard, you might think the connections are bit loose, particularly the resistors. But, I just went with it and didn't have any connection issues.\
\
For me, the best project was the servo motor. Turning on lights are one thing, but to make a motor turn precisely is pretty cool. Perhaps a bit too cool. After I got it running, my cat got a bit too interested in the moving thing. On that subject, there is one error I have found in the manual so far. The wire colors on the servo do not match the diagrams. Here is the fix: Negative, black goes to servo brown. 5 volts goes to servo red, and the signal from digital pin 9 goes to servo yellow.\
\
Maybe the best thing about this kit is what happens after you finish the projects. The user might be most interested in the programming, the wiring, the components or electronic theory. That spark of interest could easily lead a young person to a great career choice.\
\
And, maybe your kid will just put this on a shelf, but if it sparks that interest, then it is well worth the cost. Whatever the case, the servo project makes a great cat toy.\
\
If it sparks that interest, there are many add-ons that are compatible, inexpensive, and well documented. One might move on to an LCD display, a range module (tells you distance, good for robotics) and tons of shields, or add-on boards that stack on top to give you ways to do things via networks, or anything else one might want.\
\
In essence, if you or your kids are getting a little bored with legos and erector sets, this would not be a bad thing to try out.}