{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I purchased this phone to replace my LG Optimus 3 and so far am fairly happy with it. My previous phone lasted 2.5 years and I purchased this one specifically because it was an LG phone which appeared to be an updated, improved version of my previous model. The biggest thing to know about this phone is that it is very large to be considered a phone. You can operate it with one hand, but it's far more comfortable with two. However, since I rarely make phone calls and mostly use this for messaging, browsing, maps, and games when away from home, this was not a drawback for me.\
\
Like most smartphones offered by Virgin Mobile, it comes loaded with a ton of programs I had no desire for. However, it offered more memory and a better camera than anything else they had available in the under $200 price range. And a good portion of the unwanted programs were quite easily uninstalled or disabled. The version of Android on this phone is fast and was worth the slightly higher price versus the model I had previously. I find that my favorite feature thus far is the stylus, which was not something I thought I wanted. But it's super easy to use and works so much better than I expected from using them with other touch pad systems (think signature pads at retail stores).\
The battery life is pretty good - the day I received it, I used it pretty heavily for about 6 hours while migrating my info from my old phone, setting this one up on the network, and otherwise installing apps and checking out features and barely drained a quarter of the battery. Most days, I unplug it in the morning and find I have 30-40% still left when I go to plug it in for the night, and it charges to full in just under an hour.\
\
This phone also has a snap off back. Which is really a double edged sword. It's great because it means you can replace your own battery, your micro SD card for expanding memory is protected inside the case instead of in a slot on the side where it is prone to damage, and at least with my old phone which had the same snap off back (exactly the same thing), dropping the phone generally results in the back snapping off, which absorbs most of the impact, leaving your phone undamaged, other than the battery lying on the floor. But at the same time, I replaced my old phone because those snaps eventually gave way. One by one they snapped off until I was holding it on with one little tab and electrical tape. So yeah, I highly recommend buying a case. I never got one for my old phone, but it still lasted 2.5 years with only cosmetic damage. I definitely purchased one for this one at the same time I purchased the phone.\
\
Other features I liked:\
- Reader-mode: Changes lighting/color specifically to make reading e-books or extended text easier on your eyes\
- Camera - it's nice. Much nicer than the one from my LG Optimus 3, or any other phone available on Virgin that I looked at while shopping.\
- Power button/camera shutter button/volume is on the back. I used to kill my battery bumping buttons in my pocket.\
- Twice as much memory as my previous Virgin Mobile phone\
- Some of the preloaded stuff was just what I would have wanted anyway - Google Suite of Apps (music, drive, photos, messaging, hangouts, etc), Amazon Kindle. Even came preloaded with LG Backup which made porting the files and contacts from my old phone super easy.\
\
Not so great things:\
- Power port and headphone jack both on the bottom - a minor annoyance since I often listen to music in the evening and charge while I listen.\
- So much bloatware. But I was prepared. I figure it's the price I pay for not shelling out $75-100/mo. to Sprint or Verizon on a contract. Some of what I call bloatware will probably be some things users would want though. For example, Instagram, Facebook, Amazon Music, and Youtube all came already installed. There were only a few that wouldn't go away.\
- Large - The large screen is great for reading e-books and watching videos, but this will not fit in most of my pockets. Unless you wear cargo pants or medical scrub pants, you're probably gonna have to get a belt clip or a purse to carry this guy around.}